// ----------------------------------------------------------- 
// NAME : Greg Miller                        User ID: gnmiller
// DUE DATE : 11/14/14                                      
// PROGRAM 4                                        
// FILE NAME : README
// -----------------------------------------------------------

Question 1:
	The guarantee that only three elves will be asking questions at any time
is met through the Semaphore Elf. This Semaphore is initialized to 3,
allowing the first three elves to pass and then blocking subsequent elves. When
The elves finishing asking their questions they check if they are the last elf
out and if they are they signal the Elf Semaphore three times.

Question 2:
	This is met through the use of the Question and Answered Semaphores. The
elves reach the Question Semaphore and then "ask their question," blocking
until Santa releases them by answering. Once has has answered he releases the
elves, who then proceed as above.

Question 3:
	For an elf to cut in he must be signaled by another elf. This can only 
occur when Santa signals the Answered Semaphore. When elves are released
from Answered they decrement a counter (Elf_Count) and then check if they
were the last (Elf_Count == 0). This variable is protected using a Mutex
and since all elves block until Elf_Count == 0 on the Elf Semaphore
we know that only three elves can ever enter the question asking/waking
Santa phase of execution at a time.

Question 4:
	Santa only answers questions when he is not sleeping through the Sleeping
Semaphore. This Semaphore is only signaled by the last reindeer (who checks
the Reindeer_Count variable and then signals accordingly) or by the third elf
(who checks the Elf_Count variable and signals accordingly). In this way
the first 2 elves and the first r-1 reindeer block until the last of either
set awakens Santa.

Question 5:
	The last reindeer is always the one to awaken Santa because each reindeer,
in turn, checks in by incrementing Reindeer_Count and then checks if he was the
rth reindeer. If he is he awakens Santa by signaling Sleeping. Reindeer_Count is
protected and the check-out process requires that each reindeer wait for Santa
to tell them they are done flying, then that he has removed them from the 
sleigh and they are ready to go back on vacation (block on Reindeer). The
last reindeer out then notifies that the remaining reindeer can come back from
vacation eventually by signalling Reindeer).

Question 6:
	The reindeer utilize a method similar to the roller coaster problem. They 
notify Santa they are ready to be hitched up by signalling Sleeping to wake him.
The reindeer then proceed to block on waiting to be hitched up to the sleigh
using the Sleigh Semaphore. Once Santa has a chance to execute again (if he 
becomes blocked) he signals the Hitched Semaphore, notifying reindeer that they
are now going to deliver some toys, they then block, again, until Santa finishes
delivering the toys and signals the Flying Semaphore. The reindeer then notify
Santa using the Unhitch Semaphore that they are leaving and going on vacation.

Question 7:
	Elves may not ask questions while Santa is preparing to deliver or while
he is delivering toys by the use of the Question Semaphore. When three elves
arrive and attempt to ask their questions they block on the Question Semaphore.
Santa always checks who awoke him when he is awoken, if there are r reindeer
present than, while an Elf may have awoken him (both a Reindeer and Elf 
signalled Sleeping before Santa was scheduled) he must deliver the toys first
and ignores the elves until he loops back around (and r reindeer aren't present
at the time he checks who allowed him to pass the Sleeping Semaphore). It may be
the case that an Elf awakens Santa but never gets his question answered because
all the Reindeer consistently beat Santa in being scheduled.